Okay, how's it going family how are you and I hope
you're all having a spectacular start to the
week it's Tuesday
today Antonio David is back on YouTube
let's see what's on tonight
Antonia Vide is back on YouTube because
every time Antonio David has a
more or less important live show his
wife is dancing and getting into trouble do you remember that
night when we did Antonio de there have been
a series of live shows together me on his
channel and there was one night that was super
awkward because I had no choice but to
ask him what he thought about what his
girlfriend was doing who had been
wandering around the sets of Sálvame de
Risitas with Kiko Hernandez I'll tell him the
truth
so you can talk too but let's
see I'm not telling them to nail them down so they can
take it away from you have you not seen have you not seen the
last three days of television of
Sálvame no one taking away let's see how I
tell you this if you don't want to go into
detail and if you don't want to get into the
factory game
neither party should get into the factory game
then  that's what I was asking you before, would it
feel good or bad that
someone in your environment was on good
terms with someone who had hurt you so much,
well, they had even made fun of
him right to Mars's face, Marta
allowed it, no, well, it just reminded me of
that moment, but today Marta, if she
messed up yesterday, today she's finishing it off,
oceans, maybe her heat has cooled down,
but today she's finishing it off
and she's messing things up more, so of course I
wonder, Antonia seen consenting,
done because clearly Antonio had yesterday
uploaded the video back from
Marta's terrace, I'm going to put you
in context a little, okay, for those who
haven't noticed, hey, one thing, for those who
are watching this, it's deferred, okay, let it
be very clear that I have
now committed that the live shows and the content will
more or less have a direct schedule of
interest to the CEO from 8 to 10 at night, a
fixed schedule, if I don't appear one
day because I'm taking it as a break because there
aren't enough topics or whatever, and
in the canijo it will be from 11 to  one and
of course I'm going to try also
almost every day there's a video on the
main channel where this is the
next one
Marta risks into account with a tweet that
I would like to know how she feels with
this tweet I don't know if it's that the girl
spends all day looking for her name on the
internet that in the end there wouldn't be
anything wrong but it could be that and
that well in the end it's not healthy because you keep
finding comments that you don't
like finding I often
do it I recognize it done in the end for my
mental health it's the worst because I can get angrier
I can behave in a different
way so I've stopped doing it
Marta comes across this tweet from a
flyer who by the way sometimes
makes very good videos okay I don't
mind saying it although sometimes I
get really hard but today listen to me I
like to be given a hard time and don't go
taking the literal ones because I know you I
think Antonio David is lucky
very lucky to have found Olga
Moreno who doesn't want to be in the spotlight and
truly loves David and Rocío Flores
because if he had found another  I would have a
lot of headaches this is as it is, I
mean, she didn't take a single comma away from
what Carmen has written up to here from
what she is going to write next, I
mean, she didn't take a single comma away from what she says
real and Antonella be would have had
20 years of marriage now with another person
who surely wouldn't have been the
situation so much there wasn't right now it
would be a little on the ground also on
the ground because another maybe would have
come out to tell things well as they have
gone on to put it green to destroy it
completely and even capable of even
running hand in hand to Rocío Carrasco no
this is like that, I mean, people for everything and it is
very difficult in life to find
good people to find people like Olga Moreno
is very lucky Antonio David Yates
is incredibly lucky and he
knows it, we hope Carmen has told us here
nothing that is bad or a lie I do not doubt that
Marta Riesgo in Olga's place
would have allowed her peace of mind in
Parsley I do not understand what problem she has
with this tweet from Carmen when it is
true, I mean literally the first thing is
that everyone is within their
right to doubt whoever gives us  the desire
and especially if you are a
media and controversial personality the second thing with
respect to the characters, with my personal life
I can have an opinion, I have the right to
think, no, my mind would do it even if it
were prohibited, it is not, I have the
right to trust one more to have a
better image of another whatever no
then Marta risks of a
very good image person recently and Gomez
recently made a huge mistake that I hope I hope
that tomorrow it comes
out that Antonio was
behind that mistake because the
truth is that it is going to disappoint a lot of
people and it was that thing with the
security cameras at that restaurant do you
remember or rather, they were left looking like [ __ ]
and there they both disappeared Antonio
David and Marta disappeared from the
networks there is that they made a mistake
but let's go on they looked like [ __ ] I
am completely sure that maybe
something did happen yes there was a
little joke between the reading director
and Rocío Carrasco against Marta Risk
but there what I think happened is that Marta
Risk Anton was that week was
passing from his  ass didn't want to get back with
her and to get the other guy's attention
to get him back with her she did that that's
what she exaggerated and she lied directly she lied she asked her
lying she said she had an
ace up her sleeve and it's been almost a year I don't know how
many months have passed already
question a year has passed
half a year has passed and marta gets very indignant with
this message she starts to put this type
of comments against
because the other because the other has talked
about me because the other I don't know what because the
other or I know how much in a very
derogatory way towards something brown and
bragging about her study bragging about
the career the job that she has managed to
have how good that yes she has managed to
have a job honey but that the
career and the studies many times are not
all to me you have reminded me
but you have to remember the chassis and the whole
truth sonsoles ónega started talking
live it is not known with whom there are
many people who think that with fidel and
sonsoles confirmed that conversation and
since then sonsoles suddenly did not
appear again on telecinco she
also did not say that she had bad luck after that she
made contracts with antena3 but watch out for
the  coincidences aligned there in a
tremendous way but well the mo the
move that not the move is that yesterday there was
a series of comments I will be
putting here on screen more or less if you
want you can stop the screen and you
can read whatever you want okay
but basically far from calming down
during the night and consult
the pillow
or Antonio David seeing what was formed
yesterday having given Vélez a touch
made by dyn listen to me relax leave
twitter okay you dedicate yourself to the videos
that you have now become unique and so on
leave twitter because you are messing
with the mother of my daughter and I have a
very cordial relationship with the mother of my
daughter she is the woman who loved or who has
raised my two children she has loved them
like a mother to the other two and every
two weeks I am in Malaga pasta with
my children leave the cell phone and everything okay but
no I bet anything that this will
cost Marta disco a lot
knowing Anthony Davis as I know him
this will cost Marta de a lot of trouble
ccoo fighting with Mr. Peter
well and he's posted bad comments about
the Blue Tide the Blue Tide that
movement that is dedicated to insulting me
harassing me and leaving me well the movement is
not dedicated to that beautiful the movement
is dedicated to protecting people from
harassment okay I also remember
that there were some occasions in which
Marta Riesgo was defended okay do you remember
when Jorge Javier exploded that
afternoon in a live broadcast that Antonio el
pena called abuser I don't know how many times and he
exploded against Marta El Riesgo he has
threatened with well sibilantly not
veiled threatening to burn you I was
not going to step on Telecinco anymore you know
how you are a cheater well how to handle
history your whim once I
convince myself it's a lectern it was he hasn't
called me tele it was I only reaffirm it or was it
nourished with z no affection
show no then with z no affection with
c grant me affection and that you're going to kick me out and
that I don't have much time left here but let's see
you are stupid for stock such is your level of
reading comprehension where are you do you
remember  from that afternoon that is ear well
exploded that they laughed at Marta they
called her she was nourished with she is well that
afternoon if I remember correctly we defended her
I have a video on my main channel
the báculos as it is called but it was an
afternoon that I do not see how he fed on
Marta riesgo and if I remember correctly there we
defended her when we are
public figures well these things happen the
opinions the criticisms they also
make me green many times and I take it
differently okay sometimes I get
angry other times I cry other times I laugh okay
but there is one thing that I
almost told you in response to the tweet
and I'm going to read it now but man you do not
want to enter into comparisons
but sincerely the heart what
you are doing in the last
hours does not benefit you at all
you do not believe that you are coming across well and as a
bravado or a wade or anything it does not benefit you
and it does not benefit Antonio
David either and man if we enter into
comparisons this
lamentable spectacle that you have given us today on
social networks Olga Amores no she has
never done it then there is an
important difference  the truth is quite
important at the moment the
blue tide that movement that is dedicated to
insulting me harassing me and leaving me
comparing myself to my boyfriend's ex
while waving a flag in the movement
against media harassment and on social networks
what is my fault that my boyfriend fell
in love with me and started a relationship
with me man Marta well love in
love nobody is to blame honey in love
nobody is to blame now I hope
that relationship will begin with the
marriage separated as you said there well
no equally no no the fault the
fault would be on the one who has the one who
has the partner the one who has the partner
on her part but well the fault would
be on the one who has the partner we are not
going to blame her for what
he does we are going to be fair but here I do
answer you in a way in which
if I am completely right okay and
here you cannot contradict me
start the relationship with your boyfriend
laughing with the people who were
slandering him and now you are going to end it
giving the lamentable spectacle that he is
giving by
messing with his family the
comparisons are odious but you are
doing  everything that she has
never done and I have made a ratio for her she knows what a
ratio is I am going to teach you the
lordship the youtuber language and a ratio
is when someone posts a tweet a tweet
that she expects to be very powerful or
that is very close to someone or whatever it is
no and suddenly another one comes along and gives it
traka traka a response that she
melts
in repercussion and in life okay well look
a little while ago look what
surprises me that you have these 7 110 likes do
you know why this tweet has 110 likes well it
has 110 likes because
because with this Marta what she has
achieved is that the fuchsia tide is
sharing today literally literally and
objectively okay Marta bursts the
blue pond says master Joe and
answers here Enrique Enrique we
send you a huge kiss and if someone
doesn't know Enrique Garcia well they
are already subscribing to his channel okay yes
because you try as hard as you can't
do it well I don't know if the master I
speak will try or he won't try  or at
least consciously but the teacher already
or the pitiful one or rather the teacher already or has run away
with channel was every time
we have challenged him to a debate and he
even ended up blocking me on twitter
simply because of the sacks that I told him
basically what
Marta Riesgo has done with her little girl tantrum
has been to give wings and feed
the
fuchsia tide worth a hundred a fuchsia tide
in case it is a fuchsia tide that makes me laugh a
lot because it is a
fuchsia tide that breaks its face for Rocío
Carrasco but nevertheless Rocío Carrasco does
not remember them much today today
Rosa for me to do
for the pink tide I will wash Rosa ha ha ha ha well
Marta Riesgo with this tantrum what you
have achieved in the end is in the
face perhaps I applaud that we are the
laughing stock of the faces remove or rather
that was the [ __ ] no but yes if
heart disease has achieved it and I am going to
explain what the exclusive is that they have
given me but on this occasion I have to
tell you that it is a rumor okay
sometimes when the information  It
comes to me from a very, very, very
reliable source and I fully trust that I
have verified it or the person who
gave it to me has verified it and I can put my
hand in the fire you know that throws me into
the pool and I say this is like
when I said that Avilés was negotiating
to be a collaborator on Sálvame
Jose Antonio Avilés after being
left without a program due to the closure of
Viva la Vida will be the new collaborator
on Sálvame do you remember the exclusive when
I entered the CEO and it came true I'm going to
tell you what is rumored that is what they have
told me okay I think it's true
yes I'm going to tell you although it is
true but I could be wrong it is what they
tell me is that the reason why
Marta Riesgo would suddenly be such a
squirrel is because very soon also if
you realize during during this this
tantrum this tantrum that she has had on
social networks on more than one occasion she
repeats that Olga Moreno posed in a in
a magazine and posed at
Antonio Davis's birthday smiling when she was no longer
was not with him and antonio had a
girlfriend and they didn't invite her that olga
in an exclusive laughed at the fact that they
wanted to get married
marta
marta says she wants the whole thing that she
wants to get married there's a little more for
free
olga moreno it's not that she's laughing at you as
such you're a bit of a character but olga is on
the street opening the store the
paparazzi are bothering her with the
whole thing and she says hey you know that antonio
david and marta risks want to get married and she bursts out
laughing
because she can't do anything else it's very it's very
funny the question is very funny
question no but it's not that she's
laughing at you darling it's that you take it
personally very quickly no well what they're
telling me is that marta's tantrum is because
very soon
very very very soon
we're going to see
antonio david and olga moreno together in pictures again because it's not
that they're together no according to what they're
telling me it's not that they've gotten back together or
that there's any intention of getting back together or anything
the style in fact as I said at the
beginning of the extract Antonio David
uploaded the video yesterday from Marta's house
okay we'll see where he's doing the
live from today I hope that apparently in
the last few days they were invited to a
celebration of mutual friends in which
of course Marta riesgo was not invited
I imagine that the shots will go
towards the friendships of Malaga the groups
of friends of Olga and Antonio David that they
have from the neighborhood of a lifetime I
imagine that they go around there Evelyn Han to
Luque and so on and that some
good family event or friends event will have come up or
whatever it is that Diego said I
promise you that I hadn't seen it in
Diego's live but brutal but
well then if Diego said it I
also imagine that the information
will be more or less reliable okay let's go I
think it's true and also that it
looks like the same tantrum and I'm
going to remind you of another another episode I
remind you of the episode of Marta when she
came before to the girl's pink limousine
I'm going to before putting the  reaction that
Marta Riesgo has had and not
only a reaction but she gives a series
of explanations right now just
a few minutes ago we were starting the
live on her Instagram account I put
a tweet saying please someone
stop her she is unstoppable not as a
joke or anything else and she says and she
answers me I put the tweet and she
answers okay and she says someone
stop me machismo in one sentence
machismo in one sentence what does
machismo have to do with it if I'm not telling you to
calm down because you're a woman a
man who insults me daily in his
videos that always gives huanca huanca and
others go too far okay at home it happens
a lot with Marta and she got into it
well she asks to speak to me
privately and when I tell her to talk to
her friend because he has said publicly
who he is or it seems wrong and here it has
seemed wonderful to me because this is a
YouTube it is a well-known YouTube Marc and
Loony
and I have managed to unite my two multiverses
in this discussion tweets have crossed
discussing Marc and Loony with Marta
Riesgo protagonists of Salcedo de la
kids with protagonists from sanse or
the lordship should make a meme
with me of javi oliveira with
black hair like this and in front of him someone divided
with white hair even like the
spiderman meme looking at each other because they have
coincided in the same multiverse
shut up ma'am this is twitter we want to
sleep
and Marta says nobody tells me to
shut up and even less because I don't think like
you sexist but anyway let's see
what Marta has said risk
because I believe each one of her statements on her
instagram I hope she has
apologized it will surely be an apology let's
see what happened around here on my
swing because I wanted to clarify a series
of things that have happened no no to
swing she has been swinging in the
last few hours the first when yesterday I
made this reflection on my instagram of
those phrases I am approaching oh
that they are at the risk about the
comparisons that she has been suffering for
about nine months I think eight or nine
months
a day came when suddenly well
things hurt you
especially when they are lies why do I
say this because I have always faced
the multitude of criticisms that  I've
had to be in a relationship with who you
know that I have it the criticisms have always
been about the same thing well that I wanted to
be famous I wanted to be in the spotlight I wanted to go
on reality shows I wanted to go to a lot of
interviews to do exclusives etc etc etc
and me and I more or less as I
could I have tried to
let it be and continue with my work
that if you don't know that's why if I
want a penny I sprout Marta making
reflections that is incompatible face of
what Marta's reflections were
automatic like the watering of the terrace
in case someone has gone I am a
reporter I am an editor
and I am a journalist right now I am
working it is already summer the thing is that it
hurts me a lot when certain certain
twitter profiles make a
comparison between me and my partner's previous partner
and they say yes she was a
great lady she so I don't know what and you who are
only looking for the spotlight and you who are
only looking for I don't know what then it's sizes
because you think but if the only thing I have
done is say no to all the offers
that have been offered to me and continue
working
on everything that my producer has considered that has
had nothing to do with it
with making a screen or with giving my opinion about
my life or selling it I have been in
exactly the same position I
was in before all this controversy
started and I have been there because that is what I
decided. That is why I decided not to go to
survivors that is why I decided not to go to the rest
of the reality shows that have been offered to me and that is why I
continue working so it
seems very unfair to me that every time they
talk about Marta Riesgo it is
about me let's
see the same thing I have a very bad memory
or maybe Marta has a bad memory
these people did not do an
exclusive in Semana magazine pretending
that they did not know that they were
photographing her and pretending that they are the
Cinderellas of the prince inquisitor
asked that maybe I am wrong
the people who defend de's previous
wife and there were some photographs on
the beach that did not seem very
stolen very stolen very stolen and from
Antonio David
against me talking about that yes I
am bad because I am delighted with
fame she is a great woman who has
not sought the limelight it is not
that I want to compare myself because you
are making the comparisons I am
simply saying that  be
objective about me, look at
that, I have not done anything, I have not
accepted anything, despite the fact that I have had
everything in a very easy way, only at the
moment in which I was
related to him, I had everything very
easy, yes, what came from talking about my
private life and not working in an
editorial office, but it is not the path that I chose, I know
that there are many people who have a hard time
understanding it, but it is not the
path that I chose, then there
still comes a day when
nine months have passed and you continue resorting to the
same thing that it tires you out, and above all it tires you out
because you wonder if they are thinking
that about me because they are not making the
same evaluation of the other person,
because with me they say that I have not
accepted anything and with the other person they
are being used as an example and they are being
told
very well, you have put it to me in the
chamamé, they have called her baby l h but yes she
was recounting minute by minute how
her relationship with Antonio David was, of
course she was like she did not want anyone to
talk about her relationship, but she was
talking in the corridors of Telecinco
all the time  to all my colleagues I
gave details of how the relationship was going
so that the rumor would spread
obviously because of the title they want
the rumor to spread it is a secret that you keep
I think that you have to have it is
a secret
nobody knows imagine that I am
single if I get involved with someone or
I am sleeping with someone I do not
have to tell a friend it
matters to me the things I do have gone to me it
makes sense to me none of it is told to
my partner even what you have done they are
leaving one staying with another such
saint how painful is that for a
woman who has been with him all this
time putting up with everything that I have been
able to put up with literally that the tantrum
is for not criticizing Olga this woman does not
understand that she does not understand literally
you have hit the nail on the head and
literally yes literally the
tantrum is because people do not criticize
Olga the same as her the in tamales or well
nothing letter continues behaving like
you  You behave and they will continue to criticize you
and not Olga
Kiss.